So that's nice.
Of course there are missing functionalities.
For example, we don't have image upload, we don't display the image of the sender or the username
of the sender here next to our messages.
But before we dive into any of that, let's actually see whether this works.
And if two devices, two simulators can talk to each other for that all around is on iOS here.
I'll stop this process here.
An entirely rerun it on Android once so that this new latest version is installed on Android so that
when I kill it the next time, I can still start it on the device.
Otherwise, I would have started an older state of the app, which of course I don't want.
So now with this running, I can kill this again.
But now I can launch it for the app drawer.
And get this latest state.
And now I will launch it on iOS.
Now to launch it on iOS.
I'll bring up that status bar in Visual Studio code and click here on my emulator down there and start
the iOS simulator.
Alternatively, you can simply start it through X code.
So that now this iOS emulator is booting up.
And with that booted I'll run flutter on that since it's selected down there.
When I run the Flutter app, it will run on this device.
So now this is building the app for iOS and will launch it there.
And since this is the first time I'm running it, it's also doing all the initial setup of the packages
I added to the app and so on.
So this can take a bit longer.
And what you might observe here is that it basically gets stuck and it shows this strange error.
Configuring the Default Firebase app first through call stack.
If you're getting this, can simply cancel this launch process on iOS and simply make sure that you
open this project, the iOS folder there through Xcode and then here click on Run.
Right click on it.
And choose add files to runner.
And now here choose this Google Service Info list file again which be downloaded and stored in this
folder earlier.
Click Add and added through Xcode like this.
It's still in the same location, but this makes Xcode aware of it, so to say.
So once you did that, you can try running this app again.
So again, go to run, make sure you select the the iPhone or whatever simulator you are using and launch
the Flutter app again.
And now this time it should work.
So let's wait again.
So now I got this app up and running here, and I'll simply create a new account here.
Test two at test dot com.
With a different username.
And my password and I click sign up to create this user.
Now here I see all the messages are not by me.
This makes sense.
And if I send a message here, this is a test from the other device.
And user.
If I send this message here.
You see it up here?
Here, and you see it up here on the left.
So this now works.
From this user, on the other hand, of course, also shows up on the right device, but here it shows
up as if it's not from this user because it isn't because I'm working on two different users on those
two devices.
So that is pretty amazing.
This works pretty well and we can see that the app works on both devices and that we're able to chat
now.
Needless to say, of course the other functionality is like logout and so on.
All the still should work.
Let's just test it real quick for completeness sake.
Yeah, looks good to me.
So we got this basic chat functionality going on, but right now it's hard to tell from whom a message
is coming.
It would be better if we could also see the username at least of the user who wrote a message.
Maybe like a fat title above the actual message that tells us who the user is that wrote this message.
This is what we're going to add next.